pages/_activities/activity-15.md, before:

---
layout: two-column-activity
title: "Lecture Discussion Questions: The Future of Work"
type: activity
start_date: 2024-12-03
due_date: 2024-12-08
draft: 1
num: 15
points: 3
lecture_num: 14
---


1. What kinds of invisible labor go into the development of AI systems? Why do you think these forms of work are often overlooked?

1. How does the chapter challenge the narrative of AI as being fully autonomous by highlighting the role of human labor in training, maintaining, and correcting AI systems?

1. What ethical concerns arise from the global gig economy that supports AI systems, particularly regarding fair wages, working conditions, and job security?

1. How has AI and automation transformed traditional labor markets? How should society adapt to these changes to ensure equitable outcomes for workers?

1. How does the chapter connect the rise of gig work platforms, such as Amazon Mechanical Turk, to the development and training of AI systems? What are the consequences of this connection for workers?

1. How does the chapter’s discussion of labor challenge the way we assign value and compensation in AI-driven industries? What changes might be necessary to create a fairer system?
Reskilling and the Future Workforce

1. What strategies should be implemented to prepare workers for an AI-integrated future? How can society ensure that workers are not left behind by technological advancements?

1. How does the concentration of power in major tech companies affect labor practices in the AI industry? What actions can be taken to shift these power dynamics and create more democratic and inclusive labor conditions?

Commit message:

Added some Work / labor readings.

pages/_activities/activity-15.md, after:

---
layout: two-column-activity
title: "Lecture Discussion Questions: The Future of Work"
type: activity
start_date: 2024-12-03
due_date: 2024-12-08
draft: 0
num: 15
points: 3
lecture_num: 14
---

## AI & Invisible Labor
1. What kinds of invisible labor go into the development of AI systems? Why do you think these forms of work are often overlooked?

1. How does the chapter challenge the narrative of AI as being fully autonomous by highlighting the role of human labor in training, maintaining, and correcting AI systems?

1. What is “ghost work?” What forms does it take? What is its relationship with AI-powered systems?

## The "Gig Economy"

1. What is the gig economy?

1. What ethical concerns arise from the global gig economy that supports AI systems, particularly regarding fair wages, working conditions, and job security?

1. How does the chapter connect the rise of gig work platforms, such as Amazon Mechanical Turk, to the development and training of AI systems? What are the consequences of this connection for workers?

1. How does the chapter’s discussion of labor challenge the way we assign value and compensation in AI-driven industries? What changes might be necessary to create a fairer system?

## The Future of Work

1. What are the consequences of “deskilling” labor? In other words, how does this trend help/hurt the laborer? The company? The consumer?

1. How has AI and automation transformed traditional labor markets? How should society adapt to these changes to ensure equitable outcomes for workers?

1. How can society ensure that workers are not left behind by AI-related technological shifts?
