pages/_lectures/lecture10.md, before:

---
layout: module
title: "Human Intelligence"
type: lecture
num: 10
draft: 1
start_date: 2024-11-05
# description: >
#    TBD
slides: 
    - start_date: 2024-11-05
      num: 13
      draft: 1
      type: lecture
      title: "How humans learn: Neuroscience & the Brain (Election Day)"
      url: "#"
    - start_date: 2024-11-07
      num: 14
      draft: 1
      type: lecture
      title: "How humans learn: Developmental, social, & political processes"
      url: "#"
readings: 
    - start_date: 2024-11-05
      type: reading
      citation: >
        <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDQquPtqMZs" target="_blank">Neurologists Debunk 11 Brain Myths</a>. Insider Science.
      required: 1
    - start_date: 2024-11-05
      type: reading
      citation: >
        <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAbIWSPS1M4" target="_blank">Neuron Basics</a>. Brains Explained.
      required: 1
    - start_date: 2024-11-05
      type: reading
      citation: >
        <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfifTUYuAYU" target="_blank">Synaptic Plasticity</a>. Brains Explained.
      required: 1
---

Commit message:

Added reading for Tu/Th on Human Learning

pages/_lectures/lecture10.md, after:

---
layout: module
title: "Human Intelligence"
type: lecture
num: 10
draft: 1
start_date: 2024-11-05
# description: >
#    TBD
slides: 
    - start_date: 2024-11-05
      num: 13
      draft: 1
      type: lecture
      title: "How humans learn: Neuroscience & the Brain (Election Day)"
      url: "#"
    - start_date: 2024-11-07
      num: 14
      draft: 1
      type: lecture
      title: "How humans learn: Developmental, social, & political processes"
      url: "#"
readings: 
    - start_date: 2024-11-05
      type: reading
      citation: >
        <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDQquPtqMZs" target="_blank">Neurologists Debunk 11 Brain Myths</a>. Insider Science.
      required: 1
    - start_date: 2024-11-05
      type: reading
      citation: >
        <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAbIWSPS1M4" target="_blank">Neuron Basics</a>. Brains Explained.
      required: 1
    - start_date: 2024-11-05
      type: reading
      citation: >
        <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfifTUYuAYU" target="_blank">Synaptic Plasticity</a>. Brains Explained.
      required: 1
    - start_date: 2024-11-07
      type: reading
      citation: >
        <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wM3Fm2C0qphH1hyNg5hXbPehrSp-eu0I/view?usp=sharing" target="_blank">Ch. 1. The Science of Learning</a>. Cambridge Handbook of the Learning Sciences. Keith Sawyer.
      required: 1
      
---
